feature (no issue) Contributor's Guide update Add Use Case instructions (#773)
dtcenter/METplus: docs/Contributors_Guide/add_use_case.rst

- Update symbolic link in the develop directory to point to the new data
- Remove the feature branch directory
- Remove feature branch Docker data volumes

.. warning::
    Check if there are multiple feature branch directories that have data for
    the same model_applications category. If there are more than one, then
    you will need to be careful not to overwrite the final tarfile so that
    one or more of the new data files are lost! These instructions need
    to be updated to handle this situation.

::

    runas met_test
    cd ${METPLUS_DATA_TARFILE_DIR}
    diff ${METPLUS_FEATURE_BRANCH}/volume_mount_directories develop/volume_mount_directories
    mv ${METPLUS_FEATURE_BRANCH}/volume_mount_directories develop/volume_mount_directories
    rm v${METPLUS_VERSION}/sample_data-${METPLUS_USE_CASE_CATEGORY}-${METPLUS_VERSION}.tgz
    mv ${METPLUS_FEATURE_BRANCH}/sample_data-${METPLUS_USE_CASE_CATEGORY}.tgz v${METPLUS_VERSION}/sample_data-<category>-${METPLUS_VERSION}.tgz
    cd develop
    ln -s ${METPLUS_DATA_TARFILE_DIR}/${METPLUS_VERSION}/sample_data-${METPLUS_USE_CASE_CATEGORY}-${METPLUS_VERSION}.tgz sample_data-${METPLUS_USE_CASE_CATEGORY}.tgz

> - Merge the pull request and verify that all of the Travis-CI tests pass for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Merge the pull request and verify that all of the Travis-CI tests pass for
```
Should this be changed to GitHub Actions tests?

> - Merge the pull request and verify that all of the Travis-CI tests pass for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Merge the pull request and verify that all of the GitHub Actions tests pass for
```
